Add disk-capacity-forecast-alert template (#22)
elastic/workflows: README.md

on:
  pull_request_target:
    paths:

>     # Change docs dir to your repos docs dir (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Preface with your docs dir if you need further specificity (optional)
```

Install as `.github/workflows/co-docs-builder.yml` in content source.

#### Private repos

```yml
name: Elastic docs

on:
  pull_request_target:
    paths:

>     # Change docs dir to your repos docs dir (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Preface with your docs dir if you need further specificity (optional)
```

Reviewer: Additionally, let's get rid of the "For example, if you do not have a docs dir, use the correct dir or no dir instead." lines--or update them to say "For example, if your docs are isolated in one directory, use the correct dir instead."

Reviewer 2: Done. Nice catch!

  publish:
    uses: elastic/workflows/.github/workflows/docs-elastic-co-publish.yml@main
    with:
    secrets:
      VERCEL_GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_GITHUB_TOKEN }}
      VERCEL_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_TOKEN }}
      VERCEL_ORG_ID: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_ORG_ID }}
      VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_DOCS_CO: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_DOCS_CO }}
```

#### Public repos

```yml
name: Elastic docs

on:
  pull_request_target:
    paths:

>     # Change docs dir to your repos docs dir (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Preface with your docs dir if you need further specificity (optional)
```

      - '**.mdx'
      - '**.docnav.json'
      - '**.docapi.json'
      - '**.devdocs.json'
      - '**.jpg'
      - '**.jpeg'
      - '**.svg'
      - '**.png'
      - '**.gif'
    types: [closed, opened, synchronize, labeled]

jobs:
  publish:
    if: contains(github.event.pull_request.labels.*.name, 'ci:doc-build')
    uses: elastic/workflows/.github/workflows/docs-elastic-co-publish.yml@main
    secrets:
      VERCEL_GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_GITHUB_TOKEN_PUBLIC }}
      VERCEL_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_TOKEN_PUBLIC }}
      VERCEL_ORG_ID: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_ORG_ID_PUBLIC }}
      VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_DOCS_CO: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_DOCS_CO }}
```

### Staging docs builder, calling workflow

Change values as needed.

Install as `.github/workflows/staging-docs-builder.yml` in content source.

#### Private repos

```yml
name: Elastic docs

on:
  pull_request_target:
    paths:

>     # Change docs dir to your repos docs dir (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Preface with your docs dir if you need further specificity (optional)
```

jobs:
  publish:
    uses: elastic/workflows/.github/workflows/docs-elastic-staging-publish.yml@main
    secrets:
      VERCEL_GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_GITHUB_TOKEN }}
      VERCEL_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_TOKEN }}
      VERCEL_ORG_ID: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_ORG_ID }}
      VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_DOCS_CO: ${{ secrets.VERCEL_PROJECT_ID_DOCS_STAGING }}
```

#### Public repos

```yml
name: Elastic docs

on:
  pull_request_target:
    paths:

>     # Change docs dir to your repos docs dir (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Preface with your docs dir if you need further specificity (optional)
```
